Collate:Network

Documentation

Many features of this application are self-explanatory and so will not be 
covered here. I will instead attempt to cover only features that may be unclear 
or functions that have multiple functionalities based on the type of user 
that is using them.



Installation:
Installing this program is a two-part process. I assume that you already have 
a PHP-enabled web server and a MySQL database server installed and configured. 

Start by unpacking the zip archive you downloaded from Collate.info. Browse 
the folder you have unpacked for /include/db_connect.php. There are four settings 
in this file that you must change: the database server's IP Address/Hostname, the 
database username, the database password, and the name of the database for 
Collate:Inventory to use. The database username you specify should have full 
rights to the database. 

Now that you have prepared the program, upload it to your webserver. Once in 
place, browse to the install.php file on your webserver with any web browser. 
Browsing to this page will load the necessary tables into the database. This 
process will delete any existing tables of the same names if they exist, so it 
is important that you use a blank database. It is important to delete the 
install.php file from your web server once you are given a notice stating 
installation was successful or someone browsing to the page would wipe out 
your database!



General Usage:
By default, full access is granted for all people browsing the site without 
logging in. To correct this, go to the Control Panel and use the Settings page 
to lock the application down. You will find, however, that you cannot do this 
without first creating a user with Administrator rights and setting a password 
for this user.



Security:
Features in this application divided into five access levels. Though they are 
specified with numbers within the progam (1-5), they can be named as 
follows:

No Access (0)
Read-Only Acces (1)
Write Static IPs (2)
Write Subnets (and static IPs) (3)
Write IP Blocks (and subnets, etc.) (4)
Administrator Access (5)